the dust hadn't settled from Friday's
arson attack by Israelis in the occupied
West Bank before settlers again rampaged
through Palestinian villages on
Saturday the attack started after a
teenage Israeli settler went missing the
body of the 14-year-old was found on
Saturday near his house in an illegal
settlement
Outpost bad Abu Alia's home was among
those attacked only two rooms survived
the fire
we were inside our home we were having
lunch when we were exposed to gunfire
shells and Stones a few hours later Abu
alyia sent us this video of the two
surviving rooms also being burned he
says he's lucky to be alive in the same
neighborhood on Friday Israeli settlers
shot dead 25-year-old Jihad
abuyah two-thirds of the settlers were
armed and the soldiers were protecting
them the Army shot tear gas and then the
settlers started shoot towards us we
threw stones to fend them off but they
were too many Jihad was visiting us and
he just peaked from here and was shot on
the spot without doing anything settlers
spread out their attacks from the center
to the north of the occupied West Bank
soon after the Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu described the killing
of the Israeli teenager as a heinous
murder and pledged to bring those
responsible to
Justice it's such Justice that
Palestinians say they're denied just
since the start of the war on Gaza the
UN has recorded more than 700 settler
attacks against Palestinians rights
groups say 94% of reported attacks go
unpunished many say the Palestinian
Authority has undermined people's
ability to defend
themselves it's a complicated political
situation the International Community is
silent against what's happening in Gaza
as if it's normal the Palestinian
Authority is doing its usual role of
supporting the steadfastness of
Palestinians on their lands this
steadfastness is at the core of settler
attacks many
say not only in certain Villages but
these attacks are taking place also
while Palestinians are on the road
making it very dangerous for them to
commute from one place to
another four settlers cars have blocked
the roads they pepper sprayed us
attacked us with stones and rods and
entered the car it's only by the grace
of God that we are alive settler groups
are calling for more attacks the result
is a mainly unarmed Palestinian
population facing many heavily armed
Israeli settlers who've been growing in
numbers increasing their violence ibraim
Al jaaz the occupied West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer